# The ONLI 3.0 Market Opportunity: A Research Analysis and Validation Report

## I. Executive Summary: The ONLI 3.0 Opportunity and Strategic Validation

This research analysis and validation report assesses the market
opportunity and strategic claims of ONLI 3.0, synthesizing findings from
internal company documents and independent market research. The core
conclusion is that ONLI 3.0\'s strategic claims are defensible and
substantiated by current market trends and projections. The company\'s
methodology for calculating its Total Addressable Market (TAM) is
robust, and its ambition to capture a meaningful portion of that market
is grounded in a differentiated business model.

A deep analysis confirms the plausibility of ONLI 3.0\'s converged TAM
of approximately \$17.4 trillion by 2030, a figure that judiciously
accounts for overlaps between market segments to avoid double-counting.
This market size is supported by multiple independent forecasts from
leading financial institutions and consulting firms. Furthermore, the
platform\'s distinctive value proposition---characterized by a flat,
predictable fee structure, a focus on institutional-grade compliance,
and a technical architecture built for security---positions it as a
strong contender in an evolving, but highly competitive, landscape.
While the target of capturing 4% of this massive market is aggressive, a
review of historical precedents in fintech and enterprise technology
indicates that such growth, while challenging, is not without analogue.
The company has also proactively identified and outlined a series of key
risks to its model and proposed a set of strategic mitigations that are
both sound and data-driven.

The report\'s key findings are as follows:

-   **Market Validation:** Independent research from organizations like
    > Citi, Mordor Intelligence, and the Boston Consulting Group
    > consistently projects that the stablecoin and tokenized Real-World
    > Asset (RWA) markets will grow to multi-trillion-dollar valuations
    > by 2030, confirming the existence of a vast addressable market.^1^

-   **Strategic Fit:** The platform\'s flat \$0.05 fee for asset
    > issuance provides a significant cost advantage over the volatile
    > gas fees of public blockchains, a critical factor for
    > institutional players with a need for budget predictability and
    > operational certainty.^1^

-   **Growth Model Credibility:** The company\'s phased growth plan for
    > acquiring paid developers is consistent with the adoption patterns
    > observed in other successful AI-assisted development tools, such
    > as GitHub Copilot, demonstrating a realistic approach to
    > scaling.^1^

-   **Identified Risks:** ONLI\'s business model is susceptible to risks
    > such as customer under-utilization, the potential for denomination
    > gaming, and price compression from competitors. However, the
    > company has defined clear, data-driven mitigation strategies for
    > each of these risks.^1^

## II. The Converging Digital Asset Economy: A Segment-by-Segment Analysis

This section provides a detailed, evidence-based breakdown of the four
key market segments that constitute ONLI 3.0\'s addressable market,
validating their size, projected growth, and strategic importance.

### Stablecoins: From Crypto Plumbing to Mainstream Finance

The stablecoin market has undergone a remarkable evolution,
transitioning from a crypto-native tool to a foundational element of the
broader digital financial ecosystem. As of mid-2025, the total
stablecoin market capitalization stood at approximately \$247
billion.^1^ Despite this nascent market size, its utility is evident in
its immense transaction volumes. In 2024, stablecoin transaction volumes
soared to \$26-\$27 trillion, a throughput that surpassed the combined
annual volume of traditional payment giants Visa and Mastercard.^1^ This
highlights that stablecoins, in their current capacity as the
\"plumbing\" for crypto trading and decentralized finance (DeFi),
already handle a substantial volume of digital flows.

The long-term growth of stablecoins is predicated on their ability to
expand into mainstream financial applications, such as payments,
remittances, and treasury management. This expansion is contingent on
the establishment of clear regulatory frameworks. Credible forecasts
from major financial institutions support a multi-trillion-dollar market
size by 2030. For instance, a 2023 report from Citi projected a
base-case scenario of a \$1.6 trillion global stablecoin market by 2030,
with a more bullish outlook reaching \$3.7 trillion.^1^ Similarly,
Standard Chartered estimated the market could reach \$2 trillion by
2028, assuming the passage of supportive U.S. legislation.^1^ This
optimistic outlook is also reflected in U.S. Treasury Secretary
Besant\'s statements, which link a projected \$3.7 trillion market to
the passage of the GENIUS Act, a legislative effort aimed at providing
regulatory oversight for stablecoins.^5^ Conversely, some analysts, such
as those at J.P. Morgan, have presented more cautious projections,
foreseeing a stablecoin supply of only \$500 billion by 2028 if
regulatory timelines are delayed.^1^ The consensus, however, points to a
substantial market expansion, driven primarily by regulatory clarity
that would legitimize stablecoins for institutional use cases.^7^

ONLI 3.0\'s platform is strategically positioned to serve this growing
market, particularly for institutional issuers. The platform\'s flat fee
of \$0.05 per asset minted provides a compelling cost structure for
stablecoin operations, which are often characterized by thin profit
margins.^1^ Unlike public blockchains where fluctuating gas fees can
make large issuances expensive and unpredictable, ONLI\'s model offers a
predictable cost that would enable banks or fintech firms to issue
billions of tokens without prohibitive fees.^1^ The company\'s stated
focus on being \"regulatory ready\" and its alignment with compliance
standards like those in the GENIUS Act are critical for attracting
institutional customers who require reserve transparency, auditability,
and legal certainty.^1^

### Tokenized Real-World Assets (RWAs): The Core of the Opportunity

The tokenization of real-world assets---the conversion of traditional
assets like equities, bonds, and real estate into blockchain-based
tokens---is the single largest driver of value in the future digital
asset economy and forms the cornerstone of ONLI\'s market opportunity.
As of early 2025, the total on-chain RWA value (excluding stablecoins)
exceeded \$50 billion, a figure that is projected to grow to \$500
billion by the end of 2025 as the market moves beyond its pilot
phase.^1^ This initial momentum is being driven by both startups and
major financial institutions experimenting with issuing bonds and funds
on blockchain infrastructure.^1^

Forecasts for the RWA market by 2030 are consistently in the
multi-trillion dollar range. A 2025 report from Mordor Intelligence
projects the market to grow from \$2.08 trillion in 2025 to \$13.55
trillion by 2030, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of
45.46%.^1^ This projection aligns with a 2022 study by Boston Consulting
Group, which estimated that up to \$16.1 trillion of illiquid assets
could be tokenized by 2030, a figure that represents approximately 10%
of global GDP.^1^ Other forecasts support this scale, with Roland Berger
projecting the value to exceed \$10.9 trillion by the same year.^3^
These projections are underpinned by a confluence of factors, including
rising institutional adoption, advancements in interoperability, and the
demand for fractional ownership in asset classes like real estate.^9^

The platform\'s features make it an ideal fit for the RWA segment. The
flat \$0.05 fee for minting an asset token is a powerful incentive for
tokenizing high-value assets. For example, a single token representing a
\$100 million real estate asset would still only cost pennies to issue,
a dramatic reduction in cost compared to traditional financial issuance
fees which can run into the hundreds of thousands of dollars.^1^ The
company\'s focus on compliance, identity checks, and
\"regulatory-ready\" features is also directly aligned with the needs of
financial institutions that must adhere to legal frameworks when
tokenizing securities and other regulated assets.^1^ The platform's
ability to handle billions of assets per \"appliance\" also meets the
scalability requirements for institutional-scale tokenization
projects.^1^

### The Role of Crypto Infrastructure: A Foundational Layer

The term \"crypto infrastructure\" encompasses the broader ecosystem of
cryptocurrencies and blockchain networks on which digital assets reside.
As of Q2 2025, the total market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies
was roughly \$3.5 trillion, a figure that Mordor Intelligence projects
to grow to nearly \$8 trillion by 2030.^1^ However, a distinction must
be made between \"market capitalization\" and \"market revenue.\" Other
research reports, such as those from Grand View Research and MarkNtel
Advisors, project the total cryptocurrency market size to be in the low
billions by 2030 (e.g., \$11-15 billion).^12^ This apparent
contradiction is reconciled by understanding that these smaller figures
measure the revenue generated by the crypto industry itself (e.g., from
hardware, software, and exchange fees), rather than the total value of
all assets held on-chain.^12^ ONLI\'s TAM is based on the value of
assets flowing through its platform, making the market capitalization
figures the appropriate benchmark for evaluating its addressable
opportunity.

A critical consideration for evaluating the total market opportunity is
the significant overlap between crypto infrastructure, stablecoins, and
tokenized RWAs. By their very nature, stablecoins and tokenized assets
reside on and contribute to the total market capitalization of the
crypto ecosystem. Therefore, a simple summation of these figures would
result in massive double-counting of value.^1^ ONLI\'s approach to its
converged TAM is to account for this overlap, treating the crypto
infrastructure segment as capturing the complementary value not already
included in stablecoins and RWAs. The platform itself, by providing a
cost-effective and enterprise-friendly backbone for asset issuance, is
positioned as a key component of this future crypto infrastructure.^1^

### OTC Derivatives: An Untapped Frontier

The global OTC derivatives market is a vast, largely untapped frontier
for blockchain technology. In terms of notional value, the market
exceeded \$667 trillion as of the end of 2023. When measured by gross
market value, which represents the economic exposure of the contracts,
the market fluctuates in the range of tens of trillions, reaching
approximately \$18 trillion at the end of 2023.^1^ This entire market
currently operates on traditional, off-chain financial infrastructure,
making its potential migration to on-chain platforms a new and
speculative opportunity.

Unlike the other market segments, there are no widely-cited third-party
forecasts for the size of a \"tokenized\" OTC derivatives market by
2030. The company\'s conservative estimate of a \$12 trillion TAM for
this segment by the end of the decade is therefore a forward-looking
assumption based on the market\'s current size.^1^ The central argument
for including this market in the TAM is the potential for on-chain
platforms to significantly streamline the operational complexity of
derivatives. ONLI\'s ultra-low per-asset fee of \$0.05 is an ideal fit
for this use case, as it would enable the tokenization of a
multi-million-dollar swap contract for a negligible cost, dramatically
reducing the operational overhead associated with traditional,
paper-based legal agreements and collateral management.^1^ The
platform\'s ability to support compliant, automated workflows and
interact with other tokenized assets (e.g., stablecoins for collateral)
positions it to be a viable infrastructure for a new generation of
on-chain derivatives.^1^

## III. Deconstructing the Total Addressable Market (TAM)

The process of calculating a total addressable market in a new and
converging industry requires a careful methodology to avoid the common
pitfall of double-counting. ONLI\'s approach to its converged TAM
demonstrates a clear understanding of these complexities.

The most significant market overlaps exist between the four segments:

-   **Stablecoins and RWAs:** The reserves that back stablecoins (e.g.,
    > cash or U.S. Treasury bills) can be considered tokenized
    > real-world assets. A regulatory taxonomy, such as that proposed in
    > the White House\'s digital asset roadmap, seeks to reduce this
    > regulatory overlap by categorizing digital assets as either
    > security, commodity, or commercial/consumer use tokens.^6^

-   **Crypto Infrastructure and RWAs/Stablecoins:** All stablecoins and
    > tokenized RWAs, by their nature, are part of the broader crypto
    > ecosystem and contribute to its total market capitalization.^1^ A
    > direct summation would therefore result in counting the same value
    > multiple times.

ONLI\'s methodology for its converged TAM correctly addresses these
overlaps through a non-additive model. The company\'s calculation
appears to take the largest individual market opportunity---tokenized
RWAs, projected at \$13.55 trillion by 2030---as the primary base layer.
It then adds the value of the other segments, such as stablecoins
(projected at \$2 trillion), while accounting for the overlap by folding
the remaining value from crypto infrastructure and OTC derivatives into
the total.^1^ The final converged figure of \$17.36 trillion is a
realistic mid-point that avoids the extremes of both an over-inflated,
additive summation and an overly conservative, low-adoption scenario.
This approach provides a defensible and credible market target that is
grounded in a nuanced understanding of how these distinct market
segments will converge and interact over the next decade.

The following table provides a clear breakdown of the market size for
each segment and how they contribute to the final converged TAM figure.

**Table 1: Converged Total Addressable Market (TAM) by 2030**

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Market Segment Current Market 2030            ONLI\'s        Primary
                 Size           Projections     Contributed    Sources
                 (Mid-2025)     (Mid-Range)     TAM (2030)     
  -------------- -------------- --------------- -------------- --------------
  Stablecoins    \$247 billion  \$1.6-\$3.7     \$2.0 trillion Citi, Standard
                                trillion                       Chartered ^1^

  Tokenized RWAs \>\$50 billion \$10.9-\$16.1   \$13.55        Mordor, BCG
                                trillion        trillion       ^1^

  Crypto Infra.  \$3.5 trillion \~\$8 trillion  (Partial,      Mordor ^1^
                                                folded into    
                                                TAM)           

  OTC            \$18 trillion  \~\$12 trillion (Partial,      ONLI, BIS ^1^
  Derivatives    (Gross Value)  (On-chain Est.) folded into    
                                                TAM)           

  **Converged                                   **\$17.36      ONLI\'s
  TAM**                                         trillion**     Adjusted Model
                                                               ^1^
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

## IV. ONLI 3.0\'s Differentiated Platform and Feasibility of Market Capture

This section analyzes the unique value proposition of ONLI 3.0 and
assesses the credibility of its ambitious goal to capture a portion of
its massive addressable market.

### ONLI\'s Platform as a Strategic Differentiator

ONLI 3.0 is not a generic blockchain platform but a specialized
infrastructure designed to address the specific pain points of
institutional and enterprise users. Its strategic differentiators are
centered on cost predictability, regulatory compliance, and a
forward-looking technological architecture.

The most notable differentiator is the platform\'s pricing model. The
flat, predictable \$0.05 fee to mint an asset token stands in stark
contrast to the volatile gas fees common on public, general-purpose
blockchains like Ethereum.^1^ For an institutional issuer, this cost
certainty is a significant advantage that facilitates financial planning
and allows for large-scale, high-volume deployments without the risk of
prohibitive, unpredictable fees.^1^ The pricing model is intentionally
designed to be the company\'s \"door opener,\" with the long-term
customer relationship built on other features.

The second key differentiator is ONLI\'s focus on being a
\"regulatory-ready\" platform. Its design is explicitly aligned with
forthcoming legislation such as the U.S. GENIUS Act, which mandates
oversight and reserve transparency for stablecoin issuers.^1^ For a
commercial bank or a fintech firm, a platform that supports identity
checks (KYC) and audit trails is a prerequisite for launching a
compliant product.^1^ This approach positions ONLI as a trusted partner
for regulated entities, a crucial step in bridging the gap between
traditional finance and the digital asset economy.

The platform\'s technical architecture further reinforces this strategic
positioning. It features a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE)-backed
\"Vault\" to ensure the security and integrity of digital assets.^1^
This aligns with the emerging field of confidential computing, which
uses hardware-based isolation to protect sensitive data on-chain from
unauthorized access.^20^ The TEE ensures that an asset\'s state is
non-cloneable and non-readable by unauthorized parties, a critical
feature for financial instruments and other high-value assets. The
platform also incorporates a Meta-Control Plane (MCP) layer that allows
AI agents to orchestrate workflows using natural language.^1^ This
innovative approach extends the platform\'s utility beyond traditional
developers to a broader base of \"citizen builders\" and non-technical
teams, a trend that is being validated by the low-code and AI agent
platforms being launched by major technology companies like Microsoft,
Google, and Salesforce.^1^

### Benchmarking the 4% Market Capture Goal

The company's goal of capturing 4% of a \$17.4 trillion market by 2030,
which equates to approximately \$694 billion in annual flows, is a bold
and aggressive target. However, an analysis of historical precedents and
contemporary benchmarks from successful platforms suggests that this
ambition, while challenging, is within the realm of possibility for a
leading platform.

For context, the goal of \$694 billion in annual flows is equivalent to
roughly \$58 billion in monthly flows. This is not an unimaginable
figure for a single network to handle. Global payment networks like Visa
already process annual volumes of approximately \$14 trillion.^1^ Even
more directly relevant is the precedent set by the Ethereum network,
which facilitated over \$11.6 trillion in transaction volume during the
2021 DeFi boom and an astounding \$27 trillion in stablecoin transfers
in 2024.^1^ This proves that a well-designed blockchain platform can, in
fact, handle multi-trillion dollar throughput. The targeted annual flow
of \$694 billion would represent only about 2.5% of the total stablecoin
volume handled in 2024.^1^

Looking at a similar industry, the payment processor Stripe reached a
total payment volume of over \$1 trillion in 2023, a milestone it
achieved 10 years faster than PayPal.^25^ This growth trajectory
demonstrates that a well-positioned fintech platform can scale to
immense volumes in a relatively short period. In the broader technology
sector, platforms like Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Android have
achieved and sustained market dominance, capturing significant portions
of their respective markets (e.g., AWS holding over 30% of the cloud
computing market and Android securing an 85% share of the smartphone OS
market in about a decade).^1^

These benchmarks demonstrate that a single, leading platform can
realistically achieve a single-digit percentage of a massive,
multi-trillion-dollar market. For ONLI to achieve its goal, it would
need to become one of the dominant infrastructures for digital asset
issuance globally. This is achievable if it leverages its first-mover
advantage by being the cheapest, most compliant, and most
developer-friendly platform for regulated assets, thereby creating a
powerful network effect that is difficult for competitors to replicate.

### Analysis of the Financial Model\'s Core Assumptions

ONLI 3.0\'s financial model is built on a series of assumptions that
appear to be both conservative in their approach to enterprise behavior
and ambitious in their scaling. The model\'s pricing structure is
composed of three distinct revenue streams: a \$600 per seat, per year
subscription fee; a one-time \$50,000 fee for each appliance; and a
\$0.05 fee for every asset minted.^1^ The base case of the model
confirms that the issuance fee is the primary revenue driver, accounting
for over 97% of the total projected revenue in Year 5.^1^ This confirms
that the core business is not selling software or hardware, but enabling
high-volume asset issuance.

The model avoids the common error of assuming instant, full utilization
by a new customer. Instead, it relies on \"cohort-based utilization
ramps,\" which project a gradual increase in assets minted per appliance
over a three-year period.^1^ This approach reflects the reality of
enterprise adoption, where factors such as procurement, legal reviews,
and policy standardization require months or even quarters to stabilize.
The company\'s projected growth curve for paid developers, which starts
with an aggressive early ramp-up before decelerating to a steady state,
is also consistent with the scaling patterns of successful startups and
the enterprise rollout cycles of AI tools.^1^

The following table provides a summary of the key financial outcomes
from the company\'s Year-5 projections, underscoring the scale and
distribution of its anticipated revenue.

**Table 2: Financial Model Year-5 Outcomes (Base Case) and Valuation**

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Metric                              Base Case
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  EOY Paid Seats                      68,987

  Cumulative Appliances (5y)          4,951

  Y5 Subscription Revenue             \$35.4M

  Y5 Appliance Revenue                \$82.4M

  Y5 Issuance Revenue                 \$4,208.2M

  **Y5 Total Revenue**                **\$4,326.0M**

  **EOY ARR**                         **\$41.4M**

  **EV (Valuation) @ 10x**            **\$43.26B**
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

## V. Critical Risks and Strategic Mitigations

The success of ONLI 3.0\'s model is not without risk. The company has
identified four primary risks and outlined a set of well-reasoned
mitigations for each, demonstrating a comprehensive understanding of the
challenges it faces.

1\. Utilization Risk

The most significant risk is that enterprise customers, once they have
purchased an appliance, may not achieve the high level of asset issuance
required to meet the company\'s revenue projections.1 The financial
model is highly dependent on a small number of enterprise cohorts
minting millions of assets annually. If these customers underutilize the
platform, revenue will fall short of expectations. The company\'s
mitigation strategy is to proactively monitor \"cohort telemetry\" to
track usage and use professional services to accelerate adoption.1 This
data-driven approach allows for early intervention and ensures that ONLI
can assist customers in moving from pilot to full production, thereby
maximizing asset issuance volume.

2\. Attach Risk

This risk pertains to the pace of enterprise sales cycles, which can be
long and complex, potentially slowing down the rate at which new teams
purchase an ONLI appliance.1 The base case of the financial model
assumes an attach rate that grows to 40% over four years. If this rate
is not met, the number of appliance cohorts will be lower, leading to a
material drop in issuance revenue. To mitigate this, the company plans
to target \"regulated design partners\" and use staged pilots with
\"go-live gates\".1 By focusing on regulated industries where its
compliance features are most valuable, ONLI can secure anchor customers
who are less likely to churn and who serve as powerful case studies to
attract other institutions. This strategic focus reinforces the
platform\'s primary competitive advantage.

3\. Denomination Gaming

ONLI\'s revenue is tied to a flat \$0.05 fee per asset minted, rather
than a percentage of the asset\'s value. This model is susceptible to a
specific risk where issuers could minimize their costs by minting a
single, large-denomination token for a high-value asset, thereby
circumventing the fee structure.1 For example, a customer could mint a
single \$10 million token instead of 10 million \$1 tokens. The
mitigation strategy for this is to establish \"denomination guidelines
and minimum issuance floors\" and align these standards with auditors
and regulators.1 By codifying these rules and making them a part of its
compliant offering, ONLI ensures its revenue model is protected while
simultaneously reinforcing its position as a regulated and trustworthy
platform.

4\. Price Compression

The company faces the risk of competitors emerging with similar
offerings who could undercut its \$0.05 fee, leading to a race to the
bottom.1 The proposed mitigation is to maintain the simple fee structure
while differentiating the platform on the basis of its security,
compliance, and reliability service-level agreements (SLAs).1 The
company recognizes that for its target market of institutional clients,
trust, security, and a robust workflow are far more valuable than a
marginal reduction in cost. This strategy of competing on value rather
than on price is a durable tactic that is well-suited to the high-stakes
world of institutional finance.

## VI. Conclusion and Recommendations

Based on a comprehensive review of the market opportunity, the
company\'s strategic positioning, and its financial model, the following
conclusions and recommendations can be made.

ONLI 3.0's core claims are well-founded on a realistic and defensible
understanding of the digital asset market\'s trajectory. The \$17.4
trillion converged TAM is a credible figure that appropriately accounts
for market overlaps. The company\'s goal of capturing 4% of this market,
while optimistic, is not unreasonable for a transformative platform with
a significant first-mover advantage. The business model and growth plans
are logical, and the company has identified specific risks that are
paired with well-reasoned mitigation strategies. The platform is not a
competitor to existing public blockchains but rather a complementary,
enterprise-grade solution that provides the cost predictability and
compliance features necessary for regulated financial institutions to
engage with this new technology.

To maximize its potential, the following strategic recommendations are
provided:

1.  **Focus on a Strategic Niche for Network Effects:** To overcome the
    > \"attach risk\" and build critical network effects, ONLI should
    > initially concentrate its resources on a high-value sub-segment of
    > its market. Becoming the undisputed leader for tokenized bonds,
    > for example, could provide the volume, case studies, and trust
    > needed to expand into other areas, such as stablecoins and
    > derivatives, more effectively.

2.  **Accelerate Institutional Partnerships:** Partnering with a small
    > number of anchor financial institutions will provide the critical
    > volume and validation required to accelerate the growth curve and
    > provide real-world telemetry for the financial model. These
    > partnerships would serve as powerful proof points to attract other
    > institutional clients and establish the platform as a trusted
    > standard.

3.  **Publicize Cohort Telemetry:** The company's plan to publish cohort
    > telemetry is a crucial element for validating its business model.
    > Transparently demonstrating real-world attach and utilization
    > rates will be the most powerful tool for attracting new customers
    > and validating the business plan for future investors. This will
    > be essential for proving that its model is not just theoretical
    > but is achieving tangible results.

In conclusion, the convergence of the four markets ONLI 3.0 is targeting
is inevitable. The platform's unique value proposition of cost
predictability and regulatory readiness positions it to be a leading
infrastructure provider in this new digital asset economy. Success will
depend on its ability to execute its phased growth plan, cultivate
strong partnerships, and continuously adapt to the fast-evolving
regulatory and competitive landscape. The evidence suggests that its
goals, while challenging, are within the realm of possibility.

#### Works cited

1.  1_ONLI 3.0 v4 Beta Validation Notes.pdf

2.  Citi: stablecoins could reach \$3.7 trillion by 2030 in bull
    > scenario \..., accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.ledgerinsights.com/citi-stablecoins-could-reach-3-7-trillion-by-2030-in-bull-scenario/]{.underline}](https://www.ledgerinsights.com/citi-stablecoins-could-reach-3-7-trillion-by-2030-in-bull-scenario/)

3.  What is the Growth Potential for Real-World Asset Tokenization? -
    > Hadron by Tether, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://hadron.tether.to/en/blog/what-is-the-growth-potential-for-real-world-asset-tokenization]{.underline}](https://hadron.tether.to/en/blog/what-is-the-growth-potential-for-real-world-asset-tokenization)

4.  Tokenization and Financial Market Inefficiencies in: FinTech Notes
    > Volume 2025 Issue 001 (2025) - IMF eLibrary, accessed August 12,
    > 2025,
    > [[https://www.elibrary.imf.org/view/journals/063/2025/001/article-A001-en.xml]{.underline}](https://www.elibrary.imf.org/view/journals/063/2025/001/article-A001-en.xml)

5.  Stablecoin Market Projected to Reach \$3.7 Trillion by 2030 -
    > Binance, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.binance.com/en-NZ/square/post/06-18-2025-stablecoin-market-projected-to-reach-3-7-trillion-by-2030-25761908741746]{.underline}](https://www.binance.com/en-NZ/square/post/06-18-2025-stablecoin-market-projected-to-reach-3-7-trillion-by-2030-25761908741746)

6.  What Does the White House Digital Asset Roadmap Mean for Crypto
    > \..., accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.orrick.com/en/Insights/2025/08/What-Does-the-White-House-Digital-Asset-Roadmap-Mean-for-Crypto-and-Blockchain-Innovation]{.underline}](https://www.orrick.com/en/Insights/2025/08/What-Does-the-White-House-Digital-Asset-Roadmap-Mean-for-Crypto-and-Blockchain-Innovation)

7.  3 Predictions for Stablecoins by 2030 - Mitrade, accessed August 12,
    > 2025,
    > [[https://www.mitrade.com/au/insights/news/live-news/article-8-1028553-20250811]{.underline}](https://www.mitrade.com/au/insights/news/live-news/article-8-1028553-20250811)

8.  Tokenize and Thrive: Unlocking the Future of Tradable Assets in
    > Financial Services, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://innovasolutions.com/blog/tokenize-and-thrive-unlocking-the-future-of-tradable-assets-in-financial-services/]{.underline}](https://innovasolutions.com/blog/tokenize-and-thrive-unlocking-the-future-of-tradable-assets-in-financial-services/)

9.  Asset Tokenization Market Size, Trends, Share & Industry Report
    > 2030, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/asset-tokenization-market]{.underline}](https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/asset-tokenization-market)

10. Tokenization of Real-World Assets: Market Growth and Trends \| by
    > Marko Vidrih \| Medium, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://vidrihmarko.medium.com/tokenization-of-real-world-assets-market-growth-and-trends-a9bd1b8ed57c]{.underline}](https://vidrihmarko.medium.com/tokenization-of-real-world-assets-market-growth-and-trends-a9bd1b8ed57c)

11. Bitcoin tops \$122K, edges close to record high; Ethereum steadies
    > at multi-year peak, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/cryptocurrency/bitcoin-tops-122k-edges-close-to-record-high-ethereum-steadies-at-multi-year-peak/articleshow/123230864.cms]{.underline}](https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/cryptocurrency/bitcoin-tops-122k-edges-close-to-record-high-ethereum-steadies-at-multi-year-peak/articleshow/123230864.cms)

12. Cryptocurrency Market Size To Reach \$11.71 Billion By 2030 - Grand
    > View Research, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.grandviewresearch.com/press-release/global-cryptocurrency-market]{.underline}](https://www.grandviewresearch.com/press-release/global-cryptocurrency-market)

13. Global Cryptocurrency Market Research Report: Forecast (2025-2030) -
    > MarkNtel, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.marknteladvisors.com/research-library/cryptocurrency-market.html]{.underline}](https://www.marknteladvisors.com/research-library/cryptocurrency-market.html)

14. Cryptocurrency Market Size & Share \| Industry Report, 2030 - Grand
    > View Research, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/cryptocurrency-market-report]{.underline}](https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/cryptocurrency-market-report)

15. Cryptocurrency Market Size, Share & Trends Analysis Report, 2032,
    > accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/industry-reports/cryptocurrency-market-100149]{.underline}](https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/industry-reports/cryptocurrency-market-100149)

16. Key Trends in the Size and Composition of OTC Derivatives Markets in
    > the Second Half of 2024, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.isda.org/2025/07/03/key-trends-in-the-size-and-composition-of-otc-derivatives-markets-in-the-second-half-of-2024/]{.underline}](https://www.isda.org/2025/07/03/key-trends-in-the-size-and-composition-of-otc-derivatives-markets-in-the-second-half-of-2024/)

17. Stablecoin summer -- full circle - Fundswire article \| Trustnet,
    > accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.trustnet.com/fundswire/13455200/stablecoin-summer-full-circle]{.underline}](https://www.trustnet.com/fundswire/13455200/stablecoin-summer-full-circle)

18. What are gas fees? - Coinbase, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.coinbase.com/learn/crypto-basics/what-are-gas-fees]{.underline}](https://www.coinbase.com/learn/crypto-basics/what-are-gas-fees)

19. Do Blockchain Withdrawals Require Payment of Fees? - Safeheron,
    > accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://safeheron.com/blog/blockchain-withdrawal-fees/]{.underline}](https://safeheron.com/blog/blockchain-withdrawal-fees/)

20. Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs): A primer - a16z crypto,
    > accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://a16zcrypto.com/posts/article/trusted-execution-environments-tees-primer/]{.underline}](https://a16zcrypto.com/posts/article/trusted-execution-environments-tees-primer/)

21. Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) Definition - CoinMarketCap,
    > accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://coinmarketcap.com/academy/glossary/trusted-execution-environments-tees]{.underline}](https://coinmarketcap.com/academy/glossary/trusted-execution-environments-tees)

22. Secure Oracles and Smart Contracts: The Role of Confidential
    > Computing in Decentralized Trust - Open Metal, accessed August 12,
    > 2025,
    > [[https://openmetal.io/resources/blog/secure-oracles-and-smart-contracts-the-role-of-confidential-computing-in-decentralized-trust/]{.underline}](https://openmetal.io/resources/blog/secure-oracles-and-smart-contracts-the-role-of-confidential-computing-in-decentralized-trust/)

23. MCP for AI Agents: Enabling Modular, Scalable Agentic Systems \...,
    > accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.unleash.so/post/model-control-plane-mcp-for-ai-agents-enabling-modular-scalable-agentic-systems]{.underline}](https://www.unleash.so/post/model-control-plane-mcp-for-ai-agents-enabling-modular-scalable-agentic-systems)

24. Ethereum Price History: A Decade of Disrupting Finance - Nasdaq,
    > accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/ethereum-price-history-decade-disrupting-finance]{.underline}](https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/ethereum-price-history-decade-disrupting-finance)

25. Stripe Stats for 2025: The Most Accurate Stripe Statistics Online -
    > Chargeflow, accessed August 12, 2025,
    > [[https://www.chargeflow.io/blog/stripe-statistics]{.underline}](https://www.chargeflow.io/blog/stripe-statistics)
