# The Physics of Finance: Why Cryptocurrency Cannot Cross the Chasm to Financial Asset Status

**Author:** Dhryl Anton

**Abstract:** This whitepaper examines the fundamental legal,
accounting, and financial reasons why cryptocurrency, despite its
growing market capitalization and transactional utility, cannot be
classified as a true financial asset. Through an in-depth analysis of
property rights, asset classification standards, regulatory frameworks,
and legal precedents, this paper argues that cryptocurrency lacks the
foundational legal ownership structure and contractual rights that are
the hallmarks of traditional financial assets. The paper concludes that
cryptocurrency is more accurately classified as a speculative,
intangible asset with a distinct and limited set of property rights, and
that this distinction has profound implications for investors,
regulators, and the future of finance.

\_

## 1. The Legal Foundations of Asset Ownership: A Framework for Analysis

The concept of a \"financial asset\" is fundamentally rooted in the
legal principles of ownership and property rights. Before an item can be
considered a financial asset, it must first qualify as property in a
legal sense, with a clear and enforceable ownership structure. This
section establishes the legal framework for analyzing cryptocurrency\'s
status by examining the core principles of ownership and the \"bundle of
rights\" theory in property law.

### 1.1 The Legal Definition of Ownership

Ownership, in a legal context, is far more than mere possession. It is a
collection of legally recognized and enforceable rights. The Cornell Law
School Legal Information Institute defines ownership as \"the legal
right to use, possess, and give away a thing.\" \[1\] This definition
highlights the crucial distinction between physical control and legal
entitlement. While possession may be a component of ownership, it is not
sufficient on its own. True ownership is a legal construct, a set of
rights granted and protected by a legal system.

This principle is further clarified in case law. In *Collier v.
California Co.*, the court identified three essential elements of
complete ownership: \"(1) the right to possess, (2) the right to enjoy
the use of property, and (3) the right to dispose of property.\" \[2\]
This tripartite structure underscores the multifaceted nature of
ownership. It is not a monolithic concept but a combination of distinct,
legally enforceable rights. The absence of any one of these rights
significantly diminishes the nature of the ownership interest.

### 1.2 The Bundle of Rights Theory

The complexity of property ownership is often explained through the
\"bundle of rights\" theory. This legal metaphor, widely taught in U.S.
law schools, describes property ownership as a collection of individual
rights, or \"sticks,\" that can be separated and reassembled. \[3\] Each
stick represents a specific entitlement, and \"full\" ownership (fee
simple absolute) is the possession of the entire bundle. However, even
the most complete form of ownership is subject to certain limitations
and restrictions.

The traditional bundle of rights includes five basic property rights:

1.  **The Right of Possession (ius possidendi):** The legal right to be
    > recognized as the owner of the property.

2.  **The Right of Control (ius utendi):** The right to determine how
    > the property is used, subject to legal and contractual
    > limitations.

3.  **The Right of Exclusion (ius prohibendi):** The right to prevent
    > others from entering or using the property.

4.  **The Right of Enjoyment (ius fruendi):** The right to benefit from
    > the property, such as through resource extraction or inhabitation.

5.  **The Right of Disposition (ius disponendi):** The right to transfer
    > ownership to another party, either temporarily (e.g., through a
    > lease) or permanently (e.g., through a sale or inheritance).

This framework is essential for analyzing the legal status of any asset,
including cryptocurrency. It requires us to move beyond a simplistic
view of ownership as mere possession and instead examine the specific
legal rights associated with the asset. As we will see,
cryptocurrency\'s unique technological structure and lack of a clear
legal framework present significant challenges to its classification as
property in the traditional sense, and by extension, as a financial
asset.

## 2. Accounting for Assets: The Principles of Classification

In the world of accounting, an asset is more than just something of
value; it is a resource that is controlled by an entity as a result of
past events and from which future economic benefits are expected to flow
to the entity. This section delves into the accounting principles that
govern asset classification, highlighting the critical distinctions
between different asset types and the varying approaches of major
accounting standards.

### 2.1 The Definition and Characteristics of an Asset

According to Investopedia, an asset is \"a resource, tangible or
intangible, that holds some monetary value that can be exploited by its
owner.\" \[4\] This definition emphasizes two key characteristics: the
asset must have value, and it must be exploitable by its owner. The
ability to generate future economic benefits is the cornerstone of the
accounting definition of an asset. These benefits can manifest as cash
flows, reduced expenses, or improved sales.

A crucial legal requirement underpins this definition: \"A company must
possess a right to the asset as of the date of its financial statements
for it to be counted as one of its assets.\" \[4\] This requirement for
a legally enforceable right is where the legal and accounting
definitions of an asset converge. Without a clear legal claim to the
future economic benefits of a resource, it cannot be recognized as an
asset on a company\'s balance sheet.

### 2.2 The Spectrum of Asset Classes

Assets are broadly categorized based on their nature and liquidity. The
primary asset classes include:

-   **Current Assets:** Short-term resources expected to be converted to
    > cash within a year, such as cash, accounts receivable, and
    > inventory.

-   **Fixed Assets:** Long-term resources with a life of more than one
    > year, such as property, plant, and equipment.

-   **Financial Assets:** Intangible assets that derive their value from
    > a contractual claim, such as stocks, bonds, and other securities.

-   **Intangible Assets:** Non-physical resources that have economic
    > value, such as patents, trademarks, and copyrights.

Cryptocurrency, being a digital entity, is often compared to financial
assets and intangible assets. However, as we will explore, it does not
fit neatly into either category.

### 2.3 US GAAP vs. IFRS: A Tale of Two Frameworks

The two dominant accounting standards, U.S. Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (US GAAP) and International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS), take different approaches to classifying financial
assets. This divergence is critical to understanding the challenges of
classifying cryptocurrency.

-   **US GAAP:** Under US GAAP, the **legal form** of an instrument is
    > the primary driver of its classification. \[5\] For example, a
    > debt instrument that is a security in legal form is treated
    > differently from a debt instrument that is not, even if their
    > economic substance is similar.

-   **IFRS:** In contrast, IFRS 9 emphasizes the **economic substance**
    > of an instrument. \[5\] The classification of a financial asset is
    > determined by the entity\'s business model for managing the asset
    > and the asset\'s contractual cash flow characteristics, regardless
    > of its legal form.

This distinction between legal form and economic substance is at the
heart of the debate over cryptocurrency\'s classification. As we will
see, cryptocurrency\'s unique nature challenges both frameworks, as it
lacks both the traditional legal form of a financial asset and the
contractual cash flows that are central to the IFRS model.

## 3. The Nature of Financial Assets: A Contractual Claim

Financial assets form the bedrock of modern economies, facilitating the
flow of capital and enabling investment and growth. However, the term
\"financial asset\" has a precise legal and accounting definition that
is crucial to understanding why cryptocurrency does not qualify. This
section explores the defining characteristics of financial assets,
drawing on legal statutes, economic definitions, and accounting
standards.

### 3.1 The Legal and Economic Definition of a Financial Asset

The U.S. Code defines a financial asset as, among other things, \"any
equity interest in any pass-thru entity\" and, as defined by
regulations, \"any debt instrument, and (ii) any stock in a
corporation.\" \[6\] This legal definition, while seemingly technical,
reveals a fundamental truth: financial assets are legal constructs tied
to specific entities and legal frameworks. They are not standalone items
of value but rather representations of a claim or interest in a legally
recognized entity.

The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) provides a broader economic
definition, describing financial assets as \"deposits, stocks, bonds,
notes, currencies, and other instruments that possess value and give
rise to claims, liabilities, or equity investment.\" \[7\] The key
phrase here is \"give rise to claims, liabilities, or equity
investment.\" This underscores the contractual nature of financial
assets. They are not valuable in and of themselves; their value is
derived from a legally enforceable claim on another party.

### 3.2 The Core Characteristic: A Contractual Right

Investopedia provides a concise and insightful definition that
encapsulates the essence of a financial asset: \"A financial asset is a
liquid asset that gets its value from a contractual right or ownership
claim.\" \[8\] This is the critical distinction that sets financial
assets apart from other asset classes. Their value is not intrinsic but
is derived from a contract or legal agreement.

This contractual right can take various forms:

-   **Stocks:** An ownership claim in a corporation, often conferring
    > voting rights and the right to receive dividends.

-   **Bonds:** A contractual right to receive future payments (interest
    > and principal) from an entity.

-   **Bank Deposits:** A contractual right to receive money from a bank.

In each of these cases, the value of the asset is inextricably linked to
a legally enforceable claim on another party. This is the \"physics\" of
finance: for every financial asset, there is a corresponding liability
or equity interest on another entity\'s balance sheet.

### 3.3 Tangible vs. Intangible Assets: A Critical Distinction

To further clarify the unique nature of financial assets, it is helpful
to contrast them with tangible and other intangible assets.

-   **Tangible Assets:** These are assets with a physical form, such as
    > property, plant, and equipment. Their value is often tied to their
    > physical utility.

-   **Intangible Assets:** These are non-physical assets that have
    > economic value, such as patents, trademarks, and copyrights. Their
    > value is derived from the legal rights they confer, such as the
    > right to exclude others from using an invention.

Cryptocurrency, being a digital entity, is clearly an intangible asset.
However, it is crucial to distinguish it from a financial asset. While
both are intangible, a financial asset\'s value is derived from a
*contractual claim*, whereas a traditional intangible asset\'s value is
derived from a *legal right of exclusion*. As we will see,
cryptocurrency possesses neither of these characteristics in a clear and
legally enforceable manner.

## 4. The Legal Status of Cryptocurrency: A New, Distinct Form of Property

Having established the legal and accounting frameworks for asset
classification, we now turn our attention to cryptocurrency itself. This
section examines the legal status of cryptocurrency, drawing on recent
case law and regulatory guidance. It argues that cryptocurrency, while
possessing some characteristics of property, represents a new and
distinct legal category that does not align with the definition of a
financial asset.

### 4.1 A \"New, Distinct Form of Property\"

A landmark 2024 ruling from the English High Court in *Fabrizio D'Aloia
v. Persons Unknown* provides a crucial legal framework for understanding
cryptocurrency. The court held that cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and
Tether \"can attract property rights under English law.\" \[9\] However,
the court was clear that this is a \"new, distinct form of property
right, not premised on an underlying legal right.\" \[9\] This is a
critical distinction. The court explicitly stated that cryptocurrency is
\"neither a chose in action nor a chose in possession.\" \[9\]

This ruling has profound implications for the classification of
cryptocurrency. By stating that it is not a \"chose in action,\" the
court is saying that cryptocurrency does not represent a contractual
right to receive something from another party. This directly contradicts
the core definition of a financial asset, which, as we have seen, is
fundamentally a contractual claim. The court\'s finding that
cryptocurrency is not a \"chose in possession\" further distinguishes it
from tangible assets, as it lacks a physical form.

The court\'s conclusion that cryptocurrency is a \"new, distinct form of
property\" is a recognition of its unique nature. It is an
acknowledgment that existing legal categories are insufficient to
describe this new technology. While it may possess some of the
characteristics of property, it lacks the foundational legal and
contractual rights that are the hallmarks of traditional financial
assets.

### 4.2 The IRS Classification: Property, Not Currency

The U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has also provided guidance on
the classification of cryptocurrency, and its position is clear: \"For
U.S. tax purposes, digital assets are considered property, not
currency.\" \[10\] The IRS defines a digital asset as \"any digital
representation of value recorded on a cryptographically secured,
distributed ledger (blockchain) or similar technology.\" \[10\] This
definition includes cryptocurrencies, stablecoins, and non-fungible
tokens (NFTs).

By classifying cryptocurrency as property, the IRS is treating it
similarly to other non-financial assets, such as real estate or
collectibles. This means that transactions involving cryptocurrency are
subject to capital gains and losses, just like the sale of a house or a
piece of art. This tax treatment is a strong indicator that the U.S.
government does not view cryptocurrency as a financial asset.

Furthermore, the IRS\'s distinction between property and currency is
significant. By stating that cryptocurrency is not currency, the IRS is
affirming that it does not have legal tender status. This further
distances cryptocurrency from the traditional financial system, where
currency is the ultimate form of a financial asset.

### 4.3 The Absence of a Legal Framework

Both the English court ruling and the IRS guidance highlight a
fundamental challenge with cryptocurrency: the absence of a
comprehensive legal framework. The *D\'Aloia* case notes that
cryptocurrency property rights are \"not premised on an underlying legal
right.\" \[9\] This is in stark contrast to traditional financial
assets, which are created and governed by a robust legal and regulatory
framework.

Similarly, while the IRS has provided a tax definition of digital
assets, this does not constitute a comprehensive legal framework. The
Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act provides a tax definition but
does not address the broader legal and regulatory issues surrounding
cryptocurrency. The proliferation of guidance documents from various
regulatory agencies is a testament to the ongoing uncertainty and the
lack of a clear, unified legal framework.

This absence of a legal framework is not a mere technicality; it is a
fundamental barrier to cryptocurrency\'s classification as a financial
asset. Without a clear legal basis for ownership and a contractual claim
on another party, cryptocurrency cannot meet the essential criteria of a
financial asset.

## 5. Case Law and Regulatory Precedents: The Howey Test and Its Limits

The legal and regulatory landscape for cryptocurrency is still evolving,
but a series of key court cases and regulatory actions have begun to
provide some clarity. This section examines these precedents, focusing
on the application of the Howey test and the emerging distinctions
between different types of cryptocurrencies and digital assets. It
argues that these precedents, far from establishing cryptocurrency as a
financial asset, actually reinforce its distinct and limited legal
status.

### 5.1 The Howey Test: A 75-Year-Old Standard for a New Technology

The primary legal framework for determining whether a digital asset is a
security in the United States is the Howey test, which originated in the
1946 Supreme Court case *SEC v. W.J. Howey Co.* \[11\] The Howey test
defines an \"investment contract\" as a transaction in which a person
(1) invests their money (2) in a common enterprise and (3) is led to
expect profits solely from the efforts of the promoter or a third party.
If a digital asset is found to be an investment contract under the Howey
test, it is considered a security and is subject to the full range of
securities laws and regulations.

The application of this 75-year-old standard to a 21st-century
technology has been a source of considerable debate and litigation. The
SEC has taken the position that most cryptocurrencies are securities,
while many in the cryptocurrency industry have argued that the Howey
test is not an appropriate framework for analyzing decentralized digital
assets.

### 5.2 SEC v. Terraform Labs: When Crypto Tokens Are Securities

The 2023 case *SEC v. Terraform Labs* provides a clear example of when a
crypto token can be classified as a security. In this case, a New York
federal district court held that the UST, LUNA, wLUNA, and MIR tokens
were securities because they were investment contracts. \[12\] The court
found that the defendants had pooled the proceeds from the sale of these
tokens and had led investors to expect profits from their efforts to
develop and grow the Terraform ecosystem.

The *Terraform* case is significant because it demonstrates that the
Howey test can be applied to crypto tokens, even those that are marketed
as \"stablecoins\" or \"governance tokens.\" The court looked beyond the
marketing labels and focused on the economic realities of the
transactions. It found that the defendants were actively promoting the
tokens and that investors were relying on their efforts to generate a
return.

However, the *Terraform* case also highlights the limitations of the
Howey test. It does not mean that all cryptocurrencies are securities.
Rather, it shows that a crypto token can be classified as a security
when it is sold as part of an investment contract. This is a crucial
distinction. It is the *investment contract*, not the underlying token,
that is the security.

### 5.3 SEC v. Ripple Labs: A Split Decision and Ongoing Uncertainty

The ongoing case of *SEC v. Ripple Labs* further complicates the legal
landscape. In a 2023 ruling, a New York federal district court issued a
split decision, finding that some of Ripple\'s sales of the XRP token
were securities transactions, while others were not. \[13\] The court
found that Ripple\'s institutional sales of XRP to sophisticated buyers
were securities transactions because the buyers were in a direct
contractual relationship with Ripple and had a reasonable expectation of
profits from Ripple\'s efforts. However, the court found that Ripple\'s
programmatic sales of XRP on digital asset exchanges were not securities
transactions because the buyers did not know they were purchasing from
Ripple and did not have the same expectation of profits.

This split decision has been appealed by the SEC and is likely to be the
first appellate court ruling on the application of the Howey test to
digital assets. The outcome of this appeal will have significant
implications for the cryptocurrency industry.

The *Ripple* case is important because it shows that the same digital
asset can be treated as both a security and a non-security, depending on
the circumstances of the sale. This reinforces the argument that
cryptocurrency is not inherently a financial asset. Its legal status is
not fixed but is determined by the economic realities of each
transaction.

### 5.4 The Emerging Regulatory Framework: A Patchwork of Rules

The legal and regulatory framework for cryptocurrency is still a
patchwork of rules and guidance from various agencies. The SEC has been
the most active regulator in this space, bringing a series of
enforcement actions against cryptocurrency companies. However, other
agencies, such as the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and
the IRS, have also asserted jurisdiction over different aspects of the
cryptocurrency market.

This lack of a unified regulatory framework has created significant
uncertainty for the cryptocurrency industry. It is also a further
indication that cryptocurrency does not fit neatly into existing legal
and regulatory categories. The ongoing debate among regulators about how
to classify and regulate cryptocurrency is a testament to its unique and
challenging nature.

## 6. Conclusion: The Unbridgeable Chasm

The evidence presented in this whitepaper leads to a clear and
unequivocal conclusion: cryptocurrency, in its current form, cannot be
classified as a true financial asset. While it possesses some of the
characteristics of property and has demonstrated its utility as a medium
of exchange, it lacks the fundamental legal and contractual
underpinnings that are the hallmarks of traditional financial assets.

The chasm between cryptocurrency and financial assets is not a mere
semantic distinction; it is a fundamental difference in their legal and
economic nature. Financial assets are, at their core, contractual
claims. They represent a legally enforceable right to receive a future
economic benefit from another party. This contractual relationship is
the \"physics\" of finance, the invisible force that gives financial
assets their value and stability.

Cryptocurrency, on the other hand, is a creature of a different realm.
It is a product of cryptography and distributed ledger technology, a new
and distinct form of property that does not fit neatly into existing
legal categories. Its value is not derived from a contractual claim but
from a combination of technological scarcity, market sentiment, and
speculative demand.

The legal and regulatory landscape for cryptocurrency is still evolving,
but the precedents established so far only serve to reinforce this
fundamental distinction. The application of the Howey test has shown
that some crypto tokens can be classified as securities when they are
sold as part of an investment contract, but this is a reflection of the
nature of the investment contract, not the inherent nature of the token
itself. The split decision in the *Ripple* case further highlights the
context-dependent nature of cryptocurrency\'s legal status.

The implications of this conclusion are profound. For investors, it
means that cryptocurrency should be treated as a speculative, high-risk
asset, not as a substitute for traditional financial assets. For
regulators, it means that a new and tailored regulatory framework is
needed to address the unique challenges and risks of this new
technology. And for the future of finance, it means that while
cryptocurrency may play an important role, it is unlikely to cross the
chasm to become a true financial asset without a fundamental change in
its legal and economic structure.

As we move forward into an increasingly digital world, it is essential
that we have a clear and accurate understanding of the assets that we
are creating and trading. This whitepaper has sought to provide that
clarity, to illuminate the unbridgeable chasm that separates
cryptocurrency from the world of financial assets. The physics of
finance, it seems, are not so easily rewritten.

## References

\[1\] Cornell Law School Legal Information Institute. \"Ownership.\"
Accessed September 16, 2025.
[[https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/ownership]{.underline}](https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/ownership).

\[2\] *Collier v. California Co.*, 73 F. Supp. 413 (W.D. La. 1947).

\[3\] Wikipedia. \"Bundle of Rights.\" Accessed September 16, 2025.
[[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bundle_of_rights]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bundle_of_rights).

\[4\] Investopedia. \"What Is an Asset? Definition, Types, and
Examples.\" Accessed September 16, 2025.
[[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/asset.asp]{.underline}](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/asset.asp).

\[5\] PWC Viewpoint. \"7.1 Assets --- financial assets.\" Accessed
September 16, 2025.
[[https://viewpoint.pwc.com/dt/us/en/pwc/accounting_guides/ifrs_and_us_gaap_sim/ifrs_and_us_gaap_sim_US/chapter_7\_assetsfina_US/71_assetsfinancial_a\_US.html]{.underline}](https://viewpoint.pwc.com/dt/us/en/pwc/accounting_guides/ifrs_and_us_gaap_sim/ifrs_and_us_gaap_sim_US/chapter_7_assetsfina_US/71_assetsfinancial_a_US.html).

\[6\] 26 U.S.C. § 1260(c)(1).

\[7\] U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. \"Financial assets.\" Accessed
September 16, 2025.
[[https://www.bea.gov/help/glossary/financial-assets]{.underline}](https://www.bea.gov/help/glossary/financial-assets).

\[8\] Investopedia. \"Financial Asset Definition and Liquid vs. Illiquid
Types.\" Accessed September 16, 2025.
[[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/financialasset.asp]{.underline}](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/financialasset.asp).

\[9\] Reed Smith LLP. \"New clarity in cryptocurrency law --
cryptoassets do attract a distinct form of property right.\" November
14, 2024.
[[https://www.reedsmith.com/en/perspectives/2024/11/new-clarity-cryptocurrency-law-cryptoassets-attract-distinct-property-right]{.underline}](https://www.reedsmith.com/en/perspectives/2024/11/new-clarity-cryptocurrency-law-cryptoassets-attract-distinct-property-right).

\[10\] Internal Revenue Service. \"Digital assets.\" Updated June 20,
2025.
[[https://www.irs.gov/filing/digital-assets]{.underline}](https://www.irs.gov/filing/digital-assets).

\[11\] *SEC v. W.J. Howey Co.*, 328 U.S. 293 (1946).

\[12\] *SEC v. Terraform Labs Pte. Ltd.*, 2023 WL 8944860 (S.D.N.Y. Dec.
28, 2023).

\[13\] Katten. \"Crypto in the Courts: Five Cases Reshaping Digital
Asset Regulation in 2025.\" January 21, 2025.
[[https://katten.com/crypto-in-the-courts-five-cases-reshaping-digital-asset-regulation-in-2025]{.underline}](https://katten.com/crypto-in-the-courts-five-cases-reshaping-digital-asset-regulation-in-2025).
